README.md, before:

# Paddock-Manager

## Motivation
This project is a study case in C. I want to learn and experiment some of the C capabilites to create a simple car racing manager. I will not provide the files to implement the races itself, all the project is meant to be open-source and I don't want to deal with trademark issues.
However i will try to build it flexible enought to possible to be able to run different categories with different specs.

## Thecnical Aspects
I wil keep the dependecies at the bare minimum, all the dependencies will be only for things I really can't or don't want to do. I might add a UI in the future, but for now I will focus on the internal engine first.

## Milestones
### MPV - Full Race with AI Runners
- [x] Create simple sector runner
- [x] Create simple car properties
- [x] Create simple driver properties
- [] Make drivers skills influenciate on the lap timing
- [x] Add tyres options and tyres wearing
- [x] Make tyres influenciate on the sectors timing
- [x] Add a simple pitstop 
- [x] Create a full race integration test with only the player car
- [] Create random oponents for the race and implement a simple AI.

Commit message:

wip: added initial sqlite integration

README.md, after:

# Paddock-Manager

## Motivation
This project is a study case in C. I want to learn and experiment with some of the C capabilities to create a simple car racing manager. I will not provide the data files to implement the races; the project is meant to be open-source, and I don't want to deal with trademark issues.
My goal is to build a car racing manager that's not only simple but also adaptable. We're designing it to be flexible enough to run different categories with different specs, ensuring it can meet a variety of needs.

## Technical Aspects
The project, Paddock-Manager, will keep dependencies at a bare minimum, with additional dependencies only for tasks that are either impossible or impractical to implement. While a UI might be added in the future, the initial focus will be on the internal engine of the project.

## Dependencies
- SQLite3 (Almagamation Version)
- Unity (For Unitary Testing)

## Missing Features
### MPV - Full Race with AI Runners
- [] Read circuit data from a sqlite3 table.
- [] Read driver data from a sqlite3 table.
- [] Read racing tyre data from a sqlite3 table.
- [] Make the driver's skills influence the lap timing.
- [] Create random opponents for the race and implement a simple AI.
